hey guys here's LT magic with another
cartridge this one is called Omega wave
and here's what it looks like I have
here two piles of cards
the first one is the sleight-of-hand
pile and the second one is mentalism
pile actually mentalism is more about
making prediction and things like that
and sleight of hand is more about
manipulations so for this trick I also
need the help of one spectator and you
prefer sleight of hand or mentalism
you start it then pile great so I'll
start with the sleight-of-hand pile I'll
just get this piece of paper off great
so I have here four jacks you prefer the
red jacks or the blackcats from the red
backs for the regex and between the
heart and the Jack of Diamonds yet which
one do you prefer
the Jack of heart you prefer the Jack
fries so your kite will be the jack for
head please and remember it well this is
your selection okay I'll just place the
mentalism pile aside here and let's get
started
I'll try to slip over one of the jacks
which is your selection Jack apart
without you seeing it so here I have the
four jacks and with a snap one of the
jacks turned over and as you can see
it's the Jack of heart if I want to
repeat the same thing with the mentalism
pile I'll do something like that I'll
just get this thing off and I already
turned one card over even even before
the trick begins and if if we see what
card I turned over your selected Jack of
heart and to make sure I did not make
the same move with the two piles I put a
red back on the Jack of Hearts not only
that but also those cards are aces now
we can see that if we now we can see
sorry that I influenced you to pick the
Jack price because it's the
only solution here yeah all right so
yeah now we know not now that we know
that I influence you we can assume that
when we that we get stronger reactions
when we combine magic with psychology so
that was the trick guys I hope you
enjoyed it there will be a tutorial
really soon so don't forget to thumbs up
and to subscribe peace
you